= VLC-RC: a ruby wrapper to the VLC TCP interface
Allows control of a VLC instance through a ruby object. Uses VLC's built-in TCP interface to send commands and recieve information.

* Main commands (play/pause/stop/etc.)
* Status information (position/filename/length/playing?/etc.)
* Allows multiple instances of VLC to be controlled
* Allows launching and termination of a VLC instance
* Playlist management [planned]

== Usage
VLC-RC is a library for controlling VLC since a CLI would be redundant given that it uses VLC's built-in TCP interface anyway. To use this Ruby binding for the TCP interface, look at this to initialise the connection.

  require 'vlcrc'
  
  # Create a new VLC object, which attempts to connect
  vlc = VLCRC::VLC.new localhost, 1234
  
  # Launch an instance of VLC bound to the above socket
  vlc.launch
  
  # Connect to it (have to wait for it to launch though)
  until vlc.connected?
    sleep 0.1
    vlc.connect
  end

VLC can be configured to run with the RC interface open by default on a certain socket so that you can connect to instances of VLC that are already open. Note that different instances need to run on different sockets. Now that it's up and running,

  # Start playing a file
  vlc.media = "/path/to/a/video.avi"
  
  # Seek to the middle of the file
  middle = ( vlc.length / 2 ).round
  vlc.position = middle
  
  # Add a bunch of files and move around
  vlc.playlist = [
    "/path/to/first/file.avi",
    "/path/to/another/one.mkv",
    "/path/to/something/else.mp4"
  ]
  vlc.skip
  vlc.media   #=> "/path/to/another/one.mkv"
  
  # Stop the file
  vlc.playing = false
  
  # Close VLC
  vlc.exit

== Requires
VLC-RC needs all this stuff

* ruby (>= 1.9.2)
* rubygems (>= 1.3.6)
* vlc (>= 1.1.0)
* rspec (>= 2.5.0, development)

== Acknowledgement
Thanks to these sources, used as references during development

* https://videolan.org/vlc

== License

Copyright (c) 2011 Carl Suster

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

